[Docs] Init resource creation (#148)
Sylius/Stack: docs/cookbook/admin_panel/index.md

  app_admin_book_index           /admin/books               
```

## How to add a resource creation page

<div data-full-width="false">

<figure><img src="../../.gitbook/assets/book_creation.png" alt="Book creation page"></figure>

</div>

Create a form type for your resource.

```shell
bin/console make:form

Configure the `create` operation in your resource.

```php
namespace App\Entity;

use App\Form\BookType;
use Sylius\Resource\Metadata\AsResource;
use Sylius\Resource\Metadata\Create;
use Sylius\Resource\Model\ResourceInterface;

#[AsResource(
    section: 'admin', // This will influence the route name
    routePrefix: '/admin',

>     templatesDir: '@SyliusAdminUi/crud', // This directory contains the generic template for your list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    templatesDir: '@SyliusAdminUi/crud', // This directory contains the generic templates
```
